This is the implementation of printing reverse of a linked list
We can use recursion to do this task
We will write this function which will move to next node
till it reaches the last node.
And once it reaches the last node, it will print
the value and then go back and print second last node
And so on. So let us write the function print in reverse by passing
the head of the linked list. Now in the function
first we need to check if the passed node is null.
So write
if head equal to null, then just return
Otherwise that is, there is one
or there are more nodes
after this particular node, we need to call the function
by passing the next node. So write print in reverse of head-next
So the control reaches here and the same thing will
happen. check if it is null
And it is not here so call the function by passing
the next node.
So control is here now and checks if it is
not it is not so
This is not the end of the linked list
So called the function by passing the next node
print in reverse of head next and control reaches here
and check if it and it is. So we
have reached the end of the linked list So just return
to the calling function.
So we have reached the end.
Now we go back by printing each node.
So control reaches here and resumes the execution. The next
step is to execute is print head data
So 30 is printed on the screen and this function
is completed now.
So control reaches here and resumes the execution and
here this instruction will be executed and 20 will be printed
Now this function is also completed
So control reaches back here and execute this last statement
and prints 10.
And this function is also completed now and we got
the reverse of the linked list printed on the screen.